[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna begin down the path of
Lovecraftian madness with John
Carpenter's 1994 film in the mouth of
madness let's get to it we open on a
mental institution where several guards
are working on bringing in a fresh one
he's hesitant to comply but only because
he's totally not crazy see you see this
sets off a course of lunatic ramblings
prompting Saperstein to crank the master
volume hearing the first several notes
of senorita our new inmate begins to
fall apart he has a rough evening then
as he continues to see and hear things
and have spectral visitations like a
sane person the next day dr. Wrenn
arrives having been on the lookout for
admittance or arrest records related to
our new patient John Trent he enters the
room to find a home and within the warm
embrace of his new personal space Trent
no longer wishes to depart Wren gives
him the smoke and asks for some detail
to enter into his report so he flashed
back to see mr. Trent employing the
tools of his trade as a top-tier
insurance investigator he strings this
scumbag out making him sweat and
securing a confession of his fraud as if
showing wasn't enough his partner
Robinson then kisses his ass over coffee
allowing him to also tell us how good he
is as they discussed the finer details
of interrogation this typical day turns
a typical as an axe wielding madman goes
crazy on this window like it's a tree
silly goose and asks him do you read
Sutter cane starting off this whole mess
despite this Trent shows up for his next
assignment investigating the claim of
arcane publishing who claimed losses as
a result of the disappearance of Sutter
cane the axe wielding madman was
actually Kane's literary agent and
business intermediary since he's no
longer available for questioning they
have very little to go on with rumors
that Cain's writing causes disturbances
in some individuals Trent starts by
acquiring some books for research
carefully sidestepping fanboys along the
way he reads mostly unimpressed but is
struck with a sudden urge to decoupage
that is disturbing he discovers the book
covers trace out a map the type of thing
he could have looked up on a fan wiki if
the movie had been made only ten years
later they determined it to be a map to
Hobbes and New Hampshire a fictitious
town in a fictitious state Trent
believes this to be a contrivance of the
publisher in order to generate interest
in the upcoming book he's still
committed to go to either prove fraud or
bring back their cash count and they
choose to send Linda Stiles with him
center Cain's account manager to
chaperone the two set out on an epic
road trip complete with funny and
abusive pranks but
a hard time locating their destination
so they keep driving forever Stiles gets
tired but manages to avoid hitting two
of three bicyclists despite this so
that's not bad and the third ones okay
she eventually loses the road finding
herself floating through an expansive
void which terminates in a covered
bridge they've arrived in Hobbs in the
quaint little town mostly devoid of
residents they check in at the local
hotel where Stiles seems intimately
familiar with the layout visitors board
there she reveals at the hotels from
Kane's book Trent is skeptical and
points out the lack of a gothic Church
viewable from the hotel but then Stiles
corrects him on his cardinal directions
and he evacuates into his pants they
explore the facade but a posse of
gun-toting locals roll up for what
appears to be mob justice they demand
the return of Johnny boy but the church
plays little joke on them and they're
left with Sutter Kane himself who
releases the hounds the appearance of
Caine has Trent back to thinking this as
a stunt of some sort Stiles admits that
they did initially send Kane away as a
stunt but then he vanished for realsies
and then she points out that the scenes
they're witnessing in real life are part
of his new book which deals with the end
of the world so that doesn't bode well
Trent goes to clear his head and tries
to get mrs. pikmin to reveal that she's
an actor this allows Stiles time to slip
out behind him and call dibs in the car
she goes to the church to search for
answers and finds Sutter cane studiously
clacking away on his typewriter he
confides that he recently discovered his
books have the power to create new
realities because he's actually been
ghost writing for the Elder Gods when
Trent heads downtown he finds Stiles in
the Townsville playing
ring-around-the-rosie he attempts to
rescue her and get the hell out of Hobbs
end but Stiles plays her own prank on
him and he doesn't take kindly to pranks
at his expense as they drive Stiles
finds herself under the influence of
canes writing and apparently Kane wants
her to act like an attention [ __ ] Trent
goes on without her but soon learns the
futility of trying to escape Hobbs end
eventually opting to take the groundhog
they approach and just have fun with it
but the last second change of direction
sends him straight into a confessional
Kane shows up to brag on his book
numbers have sold over billion copies
well Trent is still trying to figure out
how the publisher managed to stage this
Kane explains that the more people who
believed in his books the quicker he can
bring about the end he then finishes his
manuscript and gives it to Trent to
return it to broader society explaining
that Trent's actions are all subject to
his writing he then offers to have him
return home through the event horizon
but Trent refuses wanting to assert
himself as a big man in control of his
own destiny
in response Kane transforms his fate
to an anus through which Trent is
treated to a cold endless void filled
with screaming of speakable horrors and
that gets his motor running eventually
falling back into reality he hitches his
way back into town finding it difficult
to rate himself with a manuscript and
eventually makes it back to the
publisher he explains the whole story
but Harlow has no memory of sending him
to Hobbs end with anyone named Stiles
which is a relief from a liability
perspective since he came back without
her but not in terms of his sanity we
also find out the book he's been trying
to escape from has already been
published and is already a best-seller
outside the city is plagued with
violence and with people going stark
raving mad trying to get a copy of the
new book Trent tries to prevent the
apocalypse one person at a time
this brings us back to the beginning
we're in dr. Wrenn wraps up his report
and Benzema do that evening there's a
disturbance outside his cell but we
don't know if it's kept at bay due to
the crosses or because it's actually an
existential nightmare happening inside
his own mind it's eventually confirmed
real as Trent wanders the city now
mostly devoid of souls eventually taking
in a free movie because why not
it's nothing but his greatest hits which
are apparently hilarious and that was in
the mouth of madness the first stop on
our journey if you find your scene and
he's still intact give it some time
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]